Added intro page (#5)
FlutterFlow/flutterflow-documentation: docs/docs/Introduction/intro.md

---
description: Introduction to FlutterFlow.
---

> # Introduction

Reviewer: This will make the sidebar titles as 
```
Introduction
    - Introduction 
```
So shall we update the name to something else to avoid repeatability. 
```
Introduction
    - Introduction to FlutterFlow (or something else?)
```
    
To do this, we can add front matter above like you did for description 

``` 
---
title: Introduction to FlutterFlow
description: Introduction to FlutterFlow.
---
```

Welcome To FlutterFlow Docs!

## What is FlutterFlow?

> FlutterFlow is a low-code builder for developing native mobile applications. You can use our simple drag-and-drop interface to build your app 10x faster than traditional development.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
FlutterFlow is a visual development envirionment for building native mobile and web applications. FlutterFlow helps you build apps faster, without sacfiricing on app quality or features.
```

<div class="video-container"><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GpXjU-ieAKU?si=moIEUUGry24CdSJN" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe></div>

## New to FlutterFlow?

> The [Getting Started](/getting-started/dashboard) section will give you a quick overview of the FlutterFlow interface and guide you on building your first app with FlutterFlow.

Reviewer: Probably this will change later, so we should make a note.

> If there are any topics you'd like us to add to our documentation, please share your feedback [here](https://flutterflow.typeform.com/to/hxg5nxbo).

Reviewer 2: Maybe we point to our documentation GitHub repo and allow users to suggest topics there

## Create an account

Create your free account to get started with FlutterFlow. After you've set up your account, you'll be able to create as many projects as you like.

You can [sign up](https://app.flutterflow.io/create-account) via Apple, Google, or Github.

## System Requirements

> FlutterFlow is a web app that can be used from your browser. Please review these system requirements for the best experience:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The FlutterFlow application can be accessed from your browser or installed as a desktop app. To ensure that you have a great experience in your browser, we recommend the following system requirements:
```

- Building on any laptop or desktop is currently supported.
- Using a screen that is at least **1280 x 1084** is recommended.
- FlutterFlow works best on **Google Chrome** (if you are experiencing any issues, we recommend switching to Chrome).
- [Allow pop-up and redirects and ClipBoard](/troubleshooting/miscellaneous#i-cant-copy-paste-widgets.) from app.flutterflow.io.

## Need Help?

To contact us directly, email [support@flutterflow.io](mailto:support@flutterflow.io). Thank you for being a part of the FlutterFlow journey!

[Community Forum](https://community.flutterflow.io/)

[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5LueiosDVInA6yXE_38i9Q)

[FAQs](https://docs.flutterflow.io/troubleshooting/basic-troubleshooting-guide)

[Blog](https://blog.flutterflow.io/)

---

[Next: Dashboard](/getting-started/dashboard)

> Last updated 6 days ago

Reviewer: This is added by mistake it seems
